README.md, before:

# JavaScript Style Guide

![js-banner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14003326/219082261-93f07dfe-1260-400a-8eff-b22c015a6cdc.jpeg)
*A mostly reasonable approach to JavaScript*

We use the following style guide when writing code for the `hdg` organization. Follow it if you like in your code. You can find header templates in here too. This guide was super long so we decided to break it into sections (ie Chapters) to make it easier to reference. It is also available as a downloadable one page [html file](downloads/FULL.html), as a [png](downloads/FULL.png) and as a [PDF](downloads/FULL.pdf)

## Table of Contents

  1. [Types](md/TYPES.md)
  1. [References](md/REFERENCES.md)
  1. [Objects](md/OBJECTS.md)
  1. [Arrays](md/ARRAYS.md)
  1. [Destructuring](md/DESTRUCTURING.md)
  1. [Strings](md/STRINGS.md)
  1. [Functions](md/FUNCTIONS.md)
  1. [Arrow Functions](md/ARROWS.md)
  1. [Classes & Constructors](md/CLASSES.md)
  1. [Modules](md/MODULES.md)
  1. [Iterators and Generators](md/ITERATORS.md)
  1. [Properties](md/PROPERTIES.md)
  1. [Variables](md/VARIABLES.md)
  1. [Hoisting](md/HOISTING.md)
  1. [Comparison Operators & Equality](md/COMPARISON.md)
  1. [Blocks](md/BLOCKS.md)
  1. [Control Statements](md/CONTROL_STATEMENTS.md)
  1. [Comments](md/COMMENTS.md)
  1. [Whitespace](md/WHITESPACE.md)
  1. [Commas](md/COMMAS.md)
  1. [Semicolons](md/SEMICOLONS.md)
  1. [Type Casting & Coercion](md/TYPE_CASTING.md)
  1. [Accessors](md/ACCESSORS.md)
  1. [Events](md/EVENTS.md)
  1. [jQuery](md/JQUERY.md)
  1. [ECMAScript 5 Compatibility](md/ECMA5.md)
  1. [ECMAScript 6+ (ES 2015+) Styles](md/ECMA5.md)
  1. [Standard Library](md/STANDARD_LIBRARY.md)
  1. [Testing](md/TESTING.md)
  1. [License](#license)
  1. [Amendments](#amendments)

## License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2012 Airbnb

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Amendments

We encourage you to fork this guide and change the rules to fit your team’s style guide. Below, you may list some amendments to the style guide. This allows you to periodically update your style guide without having to deal with merge conflicts.

Commit message:

Added link to readable version on our site

README.md, after:

# JavaScript Style Guide

![js-banner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14003326/219082261-93f07dfe-1260-400a-8eff-b22c015a6cdc.jpeg)
*A mostly reasonable approach to JavaScript*

We use the following style guide when writing code for the `hdg` organization. Follow it if you like in your code. You can find header templates in here too. This guide was super long so we decided to break it into sections (ie Chapters) to make it easier to reference. It is also available as a downloadable one page [html file](downloads/FULL.html), as a [png](downloads/FULL.png) and as a [PDF](downloads/FULL.pdf). You can find a version that is easier to read over on our website https://hasidic.dev/docs/style

## Table of Contents

  1. [Types](md/TYPES.md)
  1. [References](md/REFERENCES.md)
  1. [Objects](md/OBJECTS.md)
  1. [Arrays](md/ARRAYS.md)
  1. [Destructuring](md/DESTRUCTURING.md)
  1. [Strings](md/STRINGS.md)
  1. [Functions](md/FUNCTIONS.md)
  1. [Arrow Functions](md/ARROWS.md)
  1. [Classes & Constructors](md/CLASSES.md)
  1. [Modules](md/MODULES.md)
  1. [Iterators and Generators](md/ITERATORS.md)
  1. [Properties](md/PROPERTIES.md)
  1. [Variables](md/VARIABLES.md)
  1. [Hoisting](md/HOISTING.md)
  1. [Comparison Operators & Equality](md/COMPARISON.md)
  1. [Blocks](md/BLOCKS.md)
  1. [Control Statements](md/CONTROL_STATEMENTS.md)
  1. [Comments](md/COMMENTS.md)
  1. [Whitespace](md/WHITESPACE.md)
  1. [Commas](md/COMMAS.md)
  1. [Semicolons](md/SEMICOLONS.md)
  1. [Type Casting & Coercion](md/TYPE_CASTING.md)
  1. [Accessors](md/ACCESSORS.md)
  1. [Events](md/EVENTS.md)
  1. [jQuery](md/JQUERY.md)
  1. [ECMAScript 5 Compatibility](md/ECMA5.md)
  1. [ECMAScript 6+ (ES 2015+) Styles](md/ECMA5.md)
  1. [Standard Library](md/STANDARD_LIBRARY.md)
  1. [Testing](md/TESTING.md)
  1. [License](#license)
  1. [Amendments](#amendments)

## License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2012 Airbnb

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Amendments

We encourage you to fork this guide and change the rules to fit your team’s style guide. Below, you may list some amendments to the style guide. This allows you to periodically update your style guide without having to deal with merge conflicts.
